W-20082618 | RosettaNet Connector v2.2.0 docs (#3048)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: rosettanet/2.2/modules/ROOT/pages/rosettanet-connector-reference.adoc

Anypoint Connector for RosettaNet (Rosettanet Connector) provides B2B functionality that uses the RosettaNet Information Framework (RNIF) for the information exchange of RosettaNet Partner Interface Process (PIP) messages.

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/rosettanet-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[RosettaNet Connector Release Notes]

[[config]]
== Configurations

Configuration for RosettaNet Connector.

=== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | Name of this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Global HTTP Listener a| String |  Reference to the global HTTP Listener definition for the service endpoint used by the partner for action and signal messages.|  | x
| Service Endpoint Path a| String | Service endpoint path, appended to the base path of HTTP Listener.|  | x
| Global HTTP Request a| String |  Global HTTP request definition for the partner service endpoint. This value is used when sending action and signal messages. |  | x
| Request Endpoint Path a| String |  Partner endpoint path, appended to the base path on an HTTP request. |  | x

> | Require secure transport a| Boolean | Records the `isSecureTransportRequired` field of `DeliveryHeader` as `Yes` when HTTPS is active by verifying usage of HTTPS. Generates errors for insecure channels of messaging between partners. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| When `HTTPS` is active, the system verifies its usage and records the *isSecureTransportRequired* field in the `DeliveryHeader` as *Yes*. An error is generated for any insecure channels detected during messaging between partners. | false |
```

| Keystore path a| String |  Keystore that contains trusted partner certificates and the connector's private signing key and certificate (JKS format).|  |
| Keystore access password a| String |  Access password for the keystore. |  |
| Signing key password a| String |  Private signing key password (required if signing action and signal messages). |  |
| Override message signing a| Enumeration, one of:

** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Turns message signing on or off. Setting this value to `ALWAYS` overrides the signing configured by the PIP definition. |  |
| Signing algorithm| Enumeration, one of:

** SHA256

> ** SHA1 |  Algorithm to use for signing of S/MIME messages. | SHA1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** SHA1 |  Algorithm used to sign S/MIME messages. | SHA1 |
```
